Fix TF-M flash region configuration for nRF54L15 (#15210)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/security/tfm.rst

TF-M partition alignment requirements
*************************************

TF-M requires that secure and non-secure partition addresses must be aligned to the flash region size :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_TRUSTZONE_FLASH_REGION_SIZE`.
|NCS| ensures that they in fact are aligned and comply with the TF-M requirements.

> In nRF53 and nRF91 series TF-M uses the SPU to enforce the security policy between the partitions, so the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_TRUSTZONE_FLASH_REGION_SIZE` is set to the SPU flash region size.
> In nRF54L15 TF-M uses the MPC to enforce the security policy between the partitions, so the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_TRUSTZONE_FLASH_REGION_SIZE` is set to the MPC region size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On nRF53 and nRF91 Series devices, TF-M uses the System Protection Unit (SPU) peripheral to enforce the security policy between the partitions, so the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_TRUSTZONE_FLASH_REGION_SIZE` is set to the SPU flash region size.
On nRF54L15 devices, TF-M uses the Memory Protection Controller (MPC) peripheral to enforce the security policy between the partitions, so the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_TRUSTZONE_FLASH_REGION_SIZE` is set to the MPC region size.
```

When the :ref:`partition_manager` is enabled, it will take into consideration the alignment requirements.
But when the static partitions are used, the user is responsible for following the alignment requirements.

If you are experiencing any partition alignment issues when using the Partition Manager, check the :ref:`known_issues` page on the main branch.

> The partitions which need to be aligned with the TrustZone flash region size are partitions ``tfm_nonsecure`` and ``nonsecure_storage``.
> Both the partition start address and the partition size need to be aligned with the flash region size :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_TRUSTZONE_FLASH_REGION_SIZE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The partitions ``tfm_nonsecure`` and ``nonsecure_storage`` need to be aligned with the TrustZone flash region size.
Both the partition start address and the partition size need to be aligned with the flash region size :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_TRUSTZONE_FLASH_REGION_SIZE`.
```

Note that the ``tfm_nonsecure`` partition is placed after the ``tfm_secure`` partition, thus the end address of the ``tfm_secure`` partition is the same as the start address of the ``tfm_nonsecure`` partition.
As a result, altering the size of the ``tfm_secure`` partition affects the start address of the ``tfm_nonsecure`` partition.

> The following static partition snippet shows a non-aligned configuration for nRF5340 which has a TrustZon flash region size :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_TRUSTZONE_FLASH_REGION_SIZE` of 0x4000.

Reviewer 2: typo.

TrustZon
